so the opportunity to do transfer between communities or if or even get
out of the Navy. Her vast, usually in order to get out of the Navy
is based on a a timeline which you agreed upon upon entering or might
be based on a sea of bonus or son education and educational opportunity
that you said that you wanted to take. And then you have to pay
some time back. But, uh, when you say changing careers, I'm thinking
maybe you you want to get out of the Navy. But inside the Navy,
if you want to transfer different to different community, those opportunities
exist. What I will say is that the further Ugo in one community,
the more difficult it may be to transfer out of it because you
have to think in terms of how the folks that the personnel command
see you, they're seeing you a CZ as a as a tool as a CZ in a utilitarian
type of mode, um, they need to use you. And if they let you transfer
over, then they've lost that tool that they've got. They might
otherwise think they've had all turn also along with that, like the
further you go in the career, the longer you're in, especially the
closer you are to retirement. If you do decide to stay in that long,
they might ask, Why would we let this person transferred to a new
field? If he's just going to get out and say 45 years, that could be
one consideration. However, with all that said, there plenty of opportunities
to transfer, you can always try and transfer. There are repercussions.
Perhaps, as in you know, if someone knows that you want
to move to a different field, that might suggest to them that you're
not interested in continuing along a typical career path in the field,
you're already in S O that might sacrifice some of your career
potential if you end up not getting selected for that other other position.